Last semester my organization raised more than $1,500 for a local organization, The Children's Home Society. It was a last-minute fundraiser. We did this over the course of a week, and it was right before the holiday season. There were 16 children who we were looking to help, and the goal of our campus was to raise $200 per child. Ultimately the campus just took the total amount raised and divided it by the number of children; it came out to about $179/child. This money was to help give these underprivileged kids who came from broken homes a good holiday season. What the math comes out to is that we made this happen for approximately 9 children. I was the one who took on this challenge and made and distributed fliers to the business school faculty. I orchestrated the event, and I like to think that everyone in our organization feels as good about it as I do. I get goosebumps talking about it because it is one of the things of which I am most proud -- I really feel like I had a positive impact on a few lives, and that is what I live for -- I hope I made others in my organization feel the same. I am fairly certain I did.

Last year at work, we had a situation where our executives allowed all of us to make a pitch in regards to where the company's philanthropic efforts should go. I created a really great presentation that impacted the executives enough for them to choose my charity of choice. It was an amazing feeling to know that my passion and research could amount to something so life changing.

There was a time when one of my fellow flight attendants snapped at a passenger. This was during the first half hour of the flight, and it he had just started work, so I knew he wasn't just tired. The first chance I got, I invited him to have a coffee with me at the galley. I treated it like a friendly chat and asked him what's going on with him, anything interesting, things to just get the conversation to open up. Soon, I found out that he was having personal problems, so I just became a good listener for him. I steered the conversation back towards work and talked about positive things to get my coworker back into a good mood. Then I mentioned that there was a passenger who seemed to be upset about something. I suggested that my coworker see if there's anything the passenger needed. That way, the passenger would have contact with my coworker again, and this time it'd be a positive interaction. As you can see, I'm very good at influencing people in a positive way.

A few years ago, I was the supervisor of a coding team. Our chief operating officer wanted us to develop a new healthcare technology. Although most of my team was excited about creating a new telehealth platform, I thought a better use of our time would be to develop an artificially intelligent prosthetic limb. My team was less enthused about this idea at first because it would take more time to develop. As the supervisor, I ultimately got to decide which project to do, but I didn't want my team to be unhappy or stressed out about my decision. I decided to try and show my team that my project idea would be worth the development time. To do so, I created several summarization sheets of existing telehealth platforms and existing AI prosthetics that demonstrated there was a greater unmet market need for AI prosthetics. I also created a project outline and timeline that showed the project would take less time than my team had assumed. After reviewing these documents, my team agreed we should develop an AI prosthetic instead. We ultimately ended up creating several AI prosthetics that healthcare professionals worldwide order.

At my current job, I collaborate frequently with both my team members and staff from other departments. Once, we had to develop an entirely new marketing strategy for a client after our previous strategy hadn't worked. Our web development team ended up in a dispute with our content marketing team about the best new marketing strategy to try for this client. Both strategies had their merits, but neither side seemed willing to concede to the other. I first helped defuse the tension by suggesting that we focus our attention on different clients for a few days. After both sides calmed down, I gathered us for a catered lunch meeting to discuss the new marketing strategy in a more casual environment. I had both sides explain their viewpoints while I wrote down each strategy's components and benefits. I then suggested we combine aspects of both strategies and drew a new project map. Both sides agreed to the compromise, which helped my coworkers resolve their differences, and the new marketing strategy also helped boost the client's business.

My niece recently had to make a final decision on her college major. Although she's a diligent student, she's always loved learning about so many subjects that she's never been sure about her eventual career path. I asked my niece to meet me for coffee so that we could discuss her options. She explained her potential majors and their corresponding career options, emphasizing how she felt conflicted about which one to choose. I helped her create a decision matrix so that she could evaluate her options from a more objective viewpoint. Using the decision matrix, it became clear that majoring in history was best for her. I also discussed with her how, even though this is the best decision for now, it's okay if she changes her major or career aspirations later on. My niece appreciated both my help in clearly laying out her options and in helping her realize it's okay to change our career goals later in life. For now, she's still happily majoring in history.

In my last job I had a lot of influence on one of my teammates. I saw that they were shy, and struggled to express their ideas in team meetings. At the same time, following them in work, I realized they were brilliant and had a huge potential in marketing. For some reason, however, they struggled to sell their skills, and stagnated in their career. I decided to do something about it. Anytime I had a chance, I praised them for the good work. I purposely asked them to talk in front of the team. Little by little, they gained more confidence and eventually managed to sell their skills in the meetings with the managers, and were promoted to the position of a creative director in the company.

I actually try to have a positive impact on everyone I meet. You know, world is a sad place for many in this pandemic. People lose jobs, family members, some of them lose hope, or even end up on the street. I believe it is crucial to bring some positivity to this gloomy atmosphere, and we can do it with very simply things–sharing a word of encouragement, smiling on people, giving a helping hand when someone needs it. Maybe these aren’t big things, but I believe they make the world a better place. This is my philosophy in life, and I definitely want to stick to it in my job as well.

I recall my last job in the sales department. I was a new force in the company, younger than anyone else, and everyone expected me to follow the processes the sales team already had in place. But after just few months I realized I could do it better–on the call, in the meetings with the clients, generating leads, and so on. It needed some courage to try my own sales techniques, but they worked, and delivered better results. My manager took notice, and we had a long meeting where I explained what I was doing and why. They liked the ideas, and implemented them across the entire sales team. Now I do not work in the company any longer, but I am still glad that I left something behind.

To be honest, I cannot remember such a time. I am still very young, and try to be humble, and learn from more experienced colleagues in the workplace. I doesn’t mean that I cannot speak out in a team meeting, or hesitate to propose some idea. But I still consider myself more a learner than a teacher, and prefer listening to talking. Many colleagues have influenced me, hopefully in a good way, and there will certainly come a time when I will be the one influencing others. But it is not here yet to be honest.