In my last job in a store with electronics I feel I did something not every manager would praise me for. The customer chose an expensive washing machine, but, looking at them and their appearance, it was clear to me that they were on budget–they weren’t rich. And I knew that we had a competing product in store, a washing machine from a company that wasn’t renowned, so you did not have to pay for the brand, but the washing machine had exactly the same specification as the one they had chosen. Also we didn’t receive any warranty claims for the cheaper alternative. And I decided to recommend this product to them, explaining that it was principally the same thing, and they can save 30% of money. They were extremely grateful for my advice, and came to our store repeatedly. So at the end maybe I made more money for my employer, by helping the customer spend less the first time.

A woman stood near the shelf with perfumes, looking confused. I was standing behind the cash register but there were no customers demanding my attention, so I decided to leave my place and walked to the woman. She was concerned about vegan friendliness of the perfumes, whether they were tested on animals, and whether they contained any animal products. I carefully studies each bottle she considered, and found two vegan options–which wasn’t easy to do, because you had to understand what different ingredients meant. But I had the knowledge, and helped her. She was extremely happy, and I also felt good that I went above and beyond for the customer.

I arranged a refund for a customer whose product arrived damaged. She was very grateful for my assistance, and I gained confidence from helping her.

At my previous job, once a customer came yelling due to some trouble with her order. I knew she was frustrated, and instead of taking her words personally, I tried to ensure her that the issues will be processed by the team. I listened to all her problems patiently and apologized. She was basically making efforts to return an item without any receipt for the same. I explained to her that we could not process the cash refund without getting the original receipt, but it is possible to give store credit of an equivalent amount. In this way, the problem ended in a win-win situation. After this, she became a loyal customer of the brand, and we also received a positive review from her online.

In my previous position, where I worked as a customer service representative, I had to solve a situation with an angry customer. The customer wanted to return an item bought in the store without a receipt. He demanded a full return but company policy only allowed me to offer him store credit or let him exchange the product. The first important step I took in this situation was staying calm and making sure that he felt heard. I listened carefully to the customer and apologized for the inconvenience. Through empathizing and reassuring that I was there to support him and resolve the matter the tensions calmed. I assisted him in the store in finding a similar product which he really appreciated. He told me he understood my position and was happy with the new product.

Last month, I had to collaborate with another project manager with a different working style.  As an experienced PM who comes from the tech industry, I find timely client follow-up to be mission-critical. This particular PM had a much more relaxed approach. Before the project launched, I asked to meet one-on-one. We discussed our strengths and created a basic outline of expectations and timelines. By taking this communicative approach right away, we were able to collaborate quite well and ensured a fantastic project outcome. In the end, I truly enjoyed working alongside this PM.

I worked as as sales associate at an electronics store that sold and repaired both new and used electronics and appliances – mainly phones, computers, and audio equipment. New products came with manufacturer’s warranties, and we offered our own warranties for our refurbished stuff that were pretty comprehensive. A gentleman came in one day looking to have his computer keyboard repaired – his teenage daughter had knocked his coffee over onto it, and it wasn’t working. Since he’d purchased the computer used, an accident like this wasn’t covered by our warranty, which he misunderstood – expecting us to repair or replace it free of charge. I quickly apologized for the mishap, and tried to go over the details of the warranty with him, but he quickly became upset. I didn’t argue with him about the warranty, instead assuring him that we’d do all that we could to help him get it fixed. Company policy didn’t allow for free repairs not under warranty, and I wasn’t authorized to override protocol, so I sent a 50% off coupon code to his phone there in the store which he was able to use immediately toward the cost of the repair. This calmed him down significantly, and he seemed happy with the compromise. He came in with his wife a few weeks later, looking for some stereo equipment, and asked for me specifically – mentioning how helpful I’d been the last time. I felt great about the outcome – not only did he leave satisfied with how things turned out, but we were able to keep him as a customer. 

I used to work for a call center company specifically for a prepaid mobile. Everyday, we encounter customers begging for free minutes either from elderly people,the physically challenged and even relay calls from the “auditory challenged” or the deaf. Since we do not see them, we only rely from our own judgement whether to give them free minutes or ask them purchase for a minute card. Every experience of giving free minutes makes our customers feel loved and cared for. They would ask for our bosses to speak with them and give us kudos and recommendations for extending help for people in dire need. We stand by the fact that we are still doing business not a charitable institution. It’s making our customers feel important as being a part of our company and that’s what really matters.

None of it positive. I've had people swear at me, yell at me, mock me, and most recently hit me. I hate retail. I'm too old for it.

I have posted this answer before. A client came into the office wishing to retrieve his partnership and annual federal income tax returns. They were finished and waiting for him, all except for the bill. He said he didn’t have the money, and just about then his wife showed up with a tan and a huge diamond ring. She boasted that they had just returned from a cruise. I told them that they could not have their returns until they paid for them. They both insisted they didn’t have the money, to which I replied that they could pawn the ring, but they weren’t taking the food off my child’s table. They were outraged (even though they had been clients for several years) and went off to complain to the owner (it did them no good). Next day they arrived with cash in hand.

In my prior position at Mcdonald’s, I was well known for my ability to handle customer concerns quickly. During one of my shifts, a customer came in angry that her drive-thru order had been incorrect. I spoke with her, apologized for the situation, and assured her that we would remake her order. She was thankful and left the establishment happy.