I’ve been working in the travel industry for more than five years. I’ve expanded my experience in customer service, and I’m ready to apply that expertise with a global company that is committed to its employees and is consistently ranked one of the city’s best places to work. I love working with people, and I am particularly excited that this role will allow me to use my bilingual skills to speak to customers all over the world. My ultimate objective is to rise to a leadership position in customer service, and I know having the opportunity to grow my experience and improve upon my skills will help bring me closer to achieving that goal.

While your company has been around for several decades, you’ve never wavered from your mission to give people a comfortable and memorable travel experience. The company has always been forward-focused and used technology to help improve customer experience. Your app is ranked as one of the top travel apps, and you’ve won some of the most prestigious awards in the industry year after year. When I began looking for a new position, I purposefully sought out companies that are committed to integrity, philanthropy and innovation, and your company ranks at the top of the list.

I've been a fan of your work for many years, so when I saw the open position with your company, I knew I had to apply. I was especially inspired by the campaign with the local football team two years ago. I really admire the creativity that comes out of this agency, and I think I could use my skills and experience as an art director to become a valued contributor to this company.

I read a write-up a few months back on your company’s outreach within the local community. Giving back and volunteering is an important part of my own personal core values. And I remember feeling happy that a company values this community as much as I do. That happiness grew when I saw there was a job position opening in my field here. I would enjoy coming here each day with the knowledge that I am helping to make a difference in the community through my work in this position. Two years ago I spent months volunteering with a disabled child and it was rewarding for me. I would love to be here.

I saw a story a few months ago on the news about the outreach your company does with the community.  Giving back is a big part of my personal philosophy and I was excited to see that there was a company that felt the same way.  You can imagine how excited I was when I found out there was a job opening in my skill set here.  I would really hope to be able to come to work every day to a place where I knew not only are my technical skills valuable, but my personal philosophies are as well.

I want to work here because I believe in taking a collaborative approach to each project I’m a part of. When I saw a position with your company to join the production team, I knew I had to apply! I've seen your work in this industry. Your advertisements and interviews really inspired me because I saw the teamwork in action. I love working with a team to achieve a common goal, and my background in collaboration and production has prepared me for this role. I look forward to becoming a valued contributor to this incredible team. I see this as an exciting way to get involved.

This company has the reputation of being one of the leading businesses in the industry. With quite a list of impressive customers as well as a notoriously high customer satisfaction rate. Your partners are frequent speakers at national conferences in this industry, and they are advocating for solutions and changes for the type of products you make. These are signs that this company is a leader, not a follower, in any sense. With my background in this industry, I'm very interested in changing the industry and feel like I can do that by being a part of this business.

My goal is to make a career in a big international company. I have read a lot about your business, and considering that you are a leader in the field, and that there are so many career growth options with you, I was really motivated to apply for this job. On the top of that, I have read amazing things about your training program, and I am eager to learn a lot of things in the company.

This is my first job application, and I was looking for a place where I can learn a lot, and grow professionally. I wanted to work for people who are not afraid to hire young talent and help them grow. I identified your company as such a place, and decided to apply.

I like the philosophy of your company. To help local community and actively participate in the social sector is something that attracted me to your offer. I’d be proud to work for a company that follows such values.

I’m impressed by your company’s commitment to the growth and development of its employees. One of my friends works in your marketing department and she has praised this company for its excellent treatment of employees for years. I’m looking for a company that empowers and challenges its employees to be the best professionals they can. In my research, I’ve found that you invest in on-going education of your employees through education reimbursement, onsite training and mentorship programs. In addition, you have a great reputation for leadership in the industry. This is a company at which I would be honored to grow my career.