Simply put, no. But one should never tell a customer that they are wrong. One must LISTEN attentively to their customer- many times that is all people want is to be heard and understood. Make sure to always ask what the customer wants in order to satisfy them. Then together with the customer come up with an agreed upon solution to their issue by making sure that the customer always leaves happy or at least satisfied.

Yes, and no. Yes the customer is always right, but, in some instances, the customer doesn't always have all the information needed to be "right", and needs to be educated so that they can make a better decision. So, in this case, they are not right, but, will be.

In my current position I am faced with challenging clients on a daily basis. I seem to always come to a good resolution by using my gift of gab. I ask questions and actively listen. A recent example would be when a very unhappy customer called in, wanting to speak with the manager. Our manager was away, and I was the only employee around. By listening and accepting responsibility for the company's actions, I was able to calm her down. We came to a solution that was great for everyone, and I was sure to follow up with her actively.

From my experience, expectations needs to be set early on, as early as possible. Often, if you are not in sales, you may be given a client that already has -some- expectations in mind and you need to “adjust” or further explain a specific area where expectations are not aligned. When I worked with clients, I tried to do this in the first few conversations I had with them (delivery is important, work on your delivery. I hear a lot of people deliver this in a patronizing tone, which is a no no. Honesty and clarity is key)

In our engineering contracts, there is always a clause for Change Notices and Extra Work Agreements. Our business will gladly accept either one should our client provide the opportunity. You can always create the structures that support a win-win. In the case of a Change Notice or an Extra Work Agreement, we get remunerated for the extra time, effort and resources and our client gets what he or she needs or wants. Remember, your customer may not be right, however he or she is never wrong.
