I don’t have any concerns about moving to accept this position because I believe the opportunity to join your staff as a software developer is simply too good to decline. I’ve been looking into the housing market in the area and found a nice town that I would want to live in with good schools, affordable homes and a reasonable commute. While it’s certainly a big change, I am ready to make it.

Moving to California from Illinois is a big change, but it’s one I’m more than willing to make to accept this position in your marketing department. Although it will mean leaving behind some great friends, I actually have family in California who will be much closer, and my good friend also works in San Francisco. He has already offered me space to stay in his guest room while I sort out my own housing should I get the position, so I can settle in with minimal difficulties.

I would love to be a part of your team. However, being the primary caregiver to my sick father at the moment, I'm unable to commit to an immediate relocation. I'd be happy to work remotely, commute to a new location, or work out of your Denver office if possible until circumstances change.

I very much enjoy this area and would love to continue my career here, but this position is a great opportunity for my career and if relocating is a part of that, I would definitely consider it.

I’m really passionate about this role, but am pretty content where I live now and can’t commit to relocating at this time. However, I’d be more than willing to make it work remotely/work out of [location] office if you see that as a possibility.

Unfortunately, moving is not an option for me right now. However, I can promise total commitment to the role. My circumstances may change in the future, and I would certainly consider it then.

While I have primarily been searching for positions that would not require me to relocate, when I saw the opportunity to work at your company in outside sales, I knew it was not something I could ignore. I have a firm belief in my ability to adjust to the new location with relative ease. I grew up moving a lot with my family, so I’m comfortable adjusting to a new city.

Thank you so much for taking the time out of your busy schedule to meet me and considering my candidature for the post.

Absolutely! As a recent college graduate, I have nothing tying me down here. My ambition is to land a job working for a global company where I can advance my career over the long haul. And if this means moving in order to gain experience, enhance your operations, or secure promotions, bring it on! I love exploring and adapting to new environments and local cultures—there are always new friends to be made and interesting experiences to gain.